In this coursework you will perform a market segmentation on a transactional dataset that has been provided by a national convenience store chain (4 files describing 3000 customers over 6 months). The full coursework description, along with input data are provided below. Through analysis of the company’s point-of-sale data in this study, you will produce profiles for 5-7 customer segments. These will include a statistical summary and a pen profile for each segment (these would be used by the retailer to better understand their customer base and to inform future marketing campaigns). Your final deliverable in this task will be a report angled to be read by the company’s chief data officer and marketing director (and so should be presented accordingly). This report will be accompanied by your technical implementation (expected to be in the form of Python and/or SQL scripts) and a .csv file that lists the customers' assignments into the categories you have generated (simply linking their customer IDs to a segment id as indicated in your report). Please refer to Week 3's material on Customer Analytics for support, and note that there will be a Q&A session for the coursework in upcoming Lab sessions.

Ensure you **include a title page or cover sheet with your student ID number, module title and current academic year (2025/26)** and submit the 3 files (report, Jupyter Notebook and .csv) via the submission link below.

Maximum word limit of 3000 words (not including your cover sheet), and you must submit by 3pm, Thursday 5th March.
